Another we have downloaded Aldora.
Let's get Tablo fired up and we can start this analysis.
So we going to connect to fall and this is going to be an Excel file.
And here we will select the father we downloaded click open and as you can see here there was only one
tab.
So Tablo chose it by default if you have several tabs in your Excel file.
They'll be all listed over here and here you can scroll through just check everything is OK.
Everything looks fine.
We've got all 10000 recruits here.
And that's pretty much it.
So we've connected the file to Tablo.
Now what we can do is do some you know some something interesting here while while we're here as you
can see we've got geographies so how about we visualize a map of our customers and see where they're
from.
So if we drag geography onto this area we expect a map but nothing happens.
We only get a column with the different geographies.
So why is that.
Was this action different to the one we undertook previously.
No.
First Tauriel while Tablo.
Well the reason is because geography here isn't recognized as an actual geography by tablas being recognized
as a textfield and you can tell by the ABC label over here on the left so we can very easily fix that
.
If you go to geography and you could just drop down.
And here you select Geographic crawl.
And because we know from what we see in our business right now we see that it's a country.
So how about we select country region over here.
Now we're going to just get rid of geography and do that action again.
As you can see it's changed to globe.
So it's no longer ABC it's a globe meaning that is being recognized as a geographic.
And also there's latitude and longitude Conon columns that have been generated for us.
So we geography into the middle this time we see a map.
So I'll make some space I'll make this map a bit smaller so we can zoom in a little bit.
All right.
Now what we want to do is we want to get rid of these dots and change them into an actual color.
So color the countries that our customers are from.
And in order to there we have to select a measure.
And I would like to know how many customers I have in each country and because I know that and my daughter
said every single role was a new customer what I can do is I can use number of records.
That way it will double will visualize the number of rows that are associated with each country.
So I'm going take number of records and drag it onto color and right away you can see that our colors
have appeared.
Now we can tell that most customers came from France and about the same amounts came from Germany and
Spain.
But we don't know exactly.
So what we need to do is add a label to add a label.
We're going to go to a number of records again and we are going to drag it on to label.
So now I'll zoom in a little bit.
Actually it's a bit too much so I'll keep it like that.
I want to increase the size of the text.
I'll just click a label dropdown down here and maybe make it 14.
Maybe that's maybe that's a bit too much.
Make it to 12 and they can.
Bold.
So that is how many customers we have in each country.
And if you want to zoom in specifically you can select a region here and you can do like a zoom area
like that and you select what you want to zoom into.
OK so here we can see that most of our customers are from France approximately half actually more than
half because we only have 10000 records.
And Germany and Spain have the same number of customers so that's just a basic thing to check about
our data and in the next tutorial we will start actually performing the data mining tasks.
And I look forward seeing you next time.
Until then happy analyzing